TELCODOCS#1255: Removed all instances of single-node (#69310)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/deploying-lvms-on-sno-cluster.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

> [id="lvms-preface-sno-ran_{context}"]

Author: These instances in the Ids and filenames can be ignored as they are not visible in the documentation.

> [id="lvms-preface-sno-ran_{context}"]

Reviewer: I suggest that we then to a project wide search and replace for the id if possible. If not, feel free to leave as is

> [id="lvms-preface-sno-ran_{context}"]

Author: Sure. Will leave as is for now. 
I'll take this up as a separate task.

> = Deploying {lvms} on the clusters

Author: These changes have been incorporated.
Thanks.

You can use persistent volume claims (PVCs) and volume snapshots provisioned by {lvms} to request storage and create volume snapshots.

{lvms} configures a default overprovisioning limit of 10 to take advantage of the thin-provisioning feature.
The total size of the volumes and volume snapshots that can be created on the clusters is 10 times the size of the thin pool.

You can deploy {lvms} using one of the following:

* {rh-rhacm-first}
* {product-title} Web Console

[id="lvms-deployment-requirements-for-sno-ran_{context}"]
== Requirements

Before you begin deploying {lvms}, ensure that the following requirements are met:

* You have installed {rh-rhacm-first} on an {product-title} cluster.
* Every managed cluster has dedicated disks that are used to provision storage.

Before you deploy {lvms}, be aware of the following limitations:

* You can only create a single instance of the `LVMCluster` custom resource (CR) on an {product-title} cluster.
* When a device becomes part of the `LVMCluster` CR, it cannot be removed.

[id="lvms-deployment-limitations-for-sno-ran_{context}"]
== Limitations

> For deploying OpenShift, LVM Storage has the following limitations:

Reviewer 2: Suggestion, feel free to disregard:
```suggestion
For deploying {product-title}, LVM Storage has the following limitations:
```

Author: Done!
